Add python threading workout (#2689)
enkidevs/curriculum: python/python-core/python-threading/threading-with-join-2.md

---
author: Stefan-Stojanovic

tags:
  - introduction

type: normal

category: must-know
practiceQuestion:
  formats:
    - fill-in-the-gap
    - type-in-the-gap
  context: standalone
revisionQuestion:
  formats:
    - fill-in-the-gap
    - type-in-the-gap
  context: standalone

---

# Threading With .join() Continued

---

## Content

> Previoulsy, we did this[1] and got this result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, we did this[1] and got this result:
```

```python
Greetings friend
Third Message

# Then 5 seconds later we get this:
Why are you ignoring me
```

> Now let's do the same thing, but instead of only starting it, we will also join it with the main thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's do the same thing, but instead of only starting it, we'll also join it with the main thread.
```
